Apar India, one of the leading Digital Marketing Institute in Delhi, is associated with the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS) as a training hub partner. TISS offers Digital Marketing course in Delhi through Apar India. Apar India Digital marketing institute is one of the best SEO training institutes in Delhi. Apar India Digital marketing course follows the Work Integrated Training Program (WITP) where students hone their skills and gain work-related industry experience. Apar India Digital marketing institute runs two courses, the details of which are given below.

Apar India Digital Marketing Course has a smart-class and learning by doing approach. Apar India Digital Marketing Training classes are very interactive with extensive Q&A sessions on digital marketing channels. Students get hands-on experience by exploring digital marketing channels in a step-by-step manner. Students are given assignments in every class where submission and assessment are done on Google Classroom.

Apar India Digital Marketing Institute has impaneled digital marketing industry experts and certified digital marketing trainers who have in-depth knowledge about digital marketing channels. There is an Apar India placement cell which assists students in seeking an Internship. They also have a dedicated student support team to resolve any course-related queries that the students may have.

Apar India Digital Marketing Course classes are held at the Apar India Rohini center. You can reach Apar India Rohini Contact Number at +91 8447757563 or write to them at info@aparindia.in for any assistance. The reviews from the students and their success stories are posted at Apar India youtube channel and in the blog section of their website. You can also follow their facebook page for latest updates. 

Apar India Address:
Apar India,
6 Community Centre, Vikas Tower,
Sector 8, Rohini
Delhi 110085

Youtube - https://www.youtube.com/user/aparindia1
Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/pg/aparindiacollege
Website - https://www.aparindia.org


